[[Mekro]] is one of my players for my original Mist Campaign. 
# Player Analysis

I have a lot of interesting things to say about this player. He has certainly demonstrated himself to be probably the most versatile and well adapted player that I get to play with. I find that he complains a lot when things don't necessarily go his way and while I have a hunch, he's joking most of the time it's sometimes hard to decipher this. However, he is also the most engaged player, and I always feel that despite him not writing down a lot of stuff he has a very, very good habit of remembering the things that are happening during the actual session, which is extraordinarily supportive for me as a game master.

I feel like I can always rely on Mekro to be willing to roleplay something, lead the story, or lead the party somewhere. He feels like a natural center to the party and for that, I am grateful. 

[[Mekro]], I think you have this powerful ability to lead the group. Not sure if this is your desire, but you lead anyways. Your character is simple, motivated, and easy to GM for, which I cannot thank you enough for. A simple character is not a bad one. A simple character leaves room for the player to be the player, something you, I feel, excel at. I have always played a simple, martial character because it was not taxing for a GM and easy to mold into something fun with simple roleplay. I see myself in you with how you play in this way. With that said, you also tilt the hardest out of anyone. At least, that's how I understand it from how you speak at the table. Bad dice rolls, unlucky movement, a good enemy hit, anything that feels remotely unlucky seems to have you tilting. I really don't have a fix for this as a GM, and on top of that, it makes me feel like I am doing a poor job. To hear you sarcastically exclaim something negative about something that happens to your character indirectly makes me feel terrible, even if it wasn't my fault. Players speaking negatively a the table really puts a hefty damper on my spirts, my motivation, and my momentum as a GM. However, I have known you long enough to know (or at the very least, assume) that you are just venting and that it you don't mean harm from it, but rather it is just your way of joking about something rough. Either way, it does not impact my potent belief that you are an excellent TTRPG player.  