[[Morgan]] is one of my players for my original Mist Campaign. 
# Player Analysis
With this player, I feel like there are a lot of different elements and issues that I as the game master have to manage. They have a very strong and repeated habit of going on their phone during a session which I have always found to be a little bit strange because one of the things that they've said that they like the most from the campaign is actually the mystery and the unfolding of story elements. The reason I find it so interesting is that they quite often tell me that they are lost or at least they tell me to repeat parts of a story or they ask me what we are doing doing during an actual session so it's always felt a little bit strange to me. This parody between oh I want to learn more about mystery in the actual story and I'm going to go on Twitter on my phone and be distracted is annoying. 

With this player, I think that they are a Meta gamer. Not the sense that Meta gaming is bad or inherently evil. I just think they're Meta gamer in the way that they like to build the well optimize character. I have absolutely nothing wrong with that. However, they also have a propensity for trying their best to break the rules of the game, which really bothers me. I do my best to run the games that are interesting and challenging. So it feels as though they take any chance possible Try to come up with these strange deliberately game breaking approaches to problems and that has always really bothered me. They think "abuse a mechanic" is the same as "I have found a cool solution" which is a fallacy. 

I think here, I have this conflict in my mind. On one hand, my absolute largest pet peeve and the thing I find to be most disrespectful is a player being on their phone and distracted. It's rude, unkind, and inconsiderate and to me it is like putting a middle finger to the GM and all their hard work and saying "I don't care, I would rather look at my phone." At the same time, I feel as though this player keeps a decent grip on the game as it goes and a rudimentary understanding of the world. I am conflicted. I want to discipline for the 

[[Morgan]], you are such an incredible, potent player. You have a wealth of knowledge about the game, a wonderous mind that creates such compelling back stories and character themes. Your ability to generate a powerful character is not only fascinating but captivating as well. And as ashamed as I am to admit it, I don't think of any of these as my first thought because you have a compulsive need to be on your phone. I view being on the phone as such an egregious, outright display of disrespect and that clouds your otherwise outstanding talents. I have asked the group on so many occasions to please put their phones down but you seem unable to do it. I wish that you could know how offensive I find it. I work a full job, study for a masters, try to spend time with friends, have a girlfriend, and then still find time to prep D&D and yet it is still too much to ask to just have 4 hours of face-to-face time, no distractions. Now I concede, that my take is certainly of an entitled nature, but I feel like I am entitled to it! If I work so hard to find time to prep a campaign that I don't even get to play in, then I feel entitled to just 4 hours of time from my players. 