[[Thor]] is one of my players for my original Mist Campaign. 
# Player Analysis 
This player is my newest player, and is also the newest to dungeons and dragons. I think they are quieter than the other players and I often feel bad because sometimes I overlook them because I expect my players to tell me that they want to try something and not for me to always ask. They are also the slowest in combat. I find that, despite playing a spellcaster with many spells, that they always use only 3 or 4 spells and they take ages to decide to just do this as well. I think they need to find a way to expedite their turns in order to quicken combat. 

[[Thor]], I know you have such a magnificent ability to think of ideas for your character and to create a backstory. Even if I haven't ever seen it in action, I feel like you would excel at worldbuilding. You have a knack for fine detail and character creation that would translate nicely to a campaign of your own. If I had the courage to say it, I would tell you to be bolder. Do dumber stuff. Make more mistakes. When it comes to be your turn, I feel like you are reserved and hesitant. From what I see, you tend to polarize decisions into having a "correct" and "incorrect" choice that you feel will lead to something "very good" or "very bad." D&D is as much about dice and roleplay as it is about trust; trust in me as your GM that I am not going to be cruel to your character. My goals have never been to kill your character, as much as I joke. Faster, bold, and sometimes, reckless choices often work out the best. I know you can do this, but I am unsure if you know it. Be bold! Be chaotic! Even if a decision ends up as being truly bad, those bad results often generate the best story. Mistakes are what make D&D into your story and not my story. You are intelligent, thoughtful, and inventive; just be brasher in using it! Also you need to cast more spells, you have so many but I feel like you get decision paralysis and always choose the same one. Choose a bad spell, who cares! 