# This Repository
This is a repository I maintain for mobile work on the Mist campaign. It is a brainstorming collection of my thoughts that serves as an ancillary to the primary Mist repository. It is also a streamlined, reduced version of my primary **Mist** repository and serves as a compressed variant of only the most essential, currently-in-use files and concepts. That way, in my new ideas, I can reference the current campaign-relevant material. 

**Resource Link for GIT:** [Obsidian-git](https://publish.obsidian.md/git-doc/Tips-and-Tricks#Gitignore)\
**Cool Fixes for Issues:**
1. run command `git rm -r —cached .obsidian/`, clears the tracked obsidian status folder.
2. Needed if the `gitignore` file is modified to ignore files that are being tracked by the repository. 
# Mist
[[Mist]] is a world of magic, mystery, and danger. The world can best be divided into 4 main quadrants, split into natural regions. In the north-west lies [[Whitecliff Plateau]], a vaulted steppe of plains, adorned by the jewel of [[Gandoras City]] and [[Seat of Stone]]. In the north-east lies [[Greenheart Wilderness]], a chaotic and wild forest wraught with ancient magic, creatures of the moon, and strange abberations. To the east lies [[Chromatic Fangs]], the spine of [[Mist]]. These fearsome peaks naturally divide into the frosty, northern reaches of [[Frigid Crucible]] and the fiery, southern reaches of [[Scorvorrian Peaks]]. Beyond these lies the ruthless lands of [[Stormlocked Frontier]], with the great city of [[Hope Town]] standing stoic in the north here. Finally, to the south dwell the blazing deserts of the [[Scorchsand Wastes]], whose shifting sands conceal abominations that can smell magic from miles away. These sands isolate the rich lands of the [[Fractured Coast]] from the rest of [[Mist]]. Underlying the entire island is a mystery about the founders. Vast super structures, monuments, and creations riddle the island. Who created them? Why were they created? Why is there no access to other planes? Why are the gods not able to set foot on [[Mist]]? These questions remain unanswered, wrapped in mystery, waiting to be solved. Welcome to [[Mist]].

### Campaign: The Aquan Threat
The current campaign dwells on [[Whitecliff Plateau]], seeking to stop [[Aquan Nations]], kill [[Karak-Ulgurath]], and rescue [[Vivian Lovejoy]] from the clutches of these foes. The party must discover the insidious ties between [[Aquan Nations]], [[Fedorov's Legion]], [[Umbral Cabal]], [[Iron-Fist Marauders]], and [[Followers of Alsolace]] to understand the gravity of this situation and the grave danger that [[Seat of Stone]] is really in. 

### OneShot: Fright in the Dunes
A one shot will be set on the [[Fractured Coast]], a group of soldiers, loyal to the Sultany, set out into the gripping sands of the [[Scorchsand Wastes]] in search of an artifact lost in transit and the captain who led the escort mission. The party must uncover the fate of the captain and the artifact and to do so, must learn the identity of a strange villain who prowls the sandy dunes. Should the artifact go unrecovered, the tipping scales of power in [[Mist]] could slide firmly into the favor of evil. 