[[Yugo Stolid]] is technically a *Duke* under the dominion of [[The Umbral Cabal]]. He would technically serve the Archdevil [[Voramas]] directly. However, a cursed contract that he himself was forced into for helping [[The Green Order]] has caused him to be "removed" from [[The Umbral Cabal]] in shame. While he has been removed form [[The Umbral Cabal]], he still is a Duke and as such, is only one level down in the Heirarchy of devils from the Archdevil.

**Defection and helping [[The Green Order]]**
[[Yugo Stolid]] made the mistake of helping [[The Green Order]]. He inherited a contract from a Pit Fiend, made between the Pit Fiend and an important Elf in [[The Green Order]]. This contract would have taken the life ot the Elf one day, but only when a condition was met in the contract. When the Pit Fiend was slain, [[Yugo Stolid]] inherited the contract. [[Yugo Stolid]] sympathized with [[The Green Order]] and seeing the Elf with empathy, and understanding the gravity of the contract, he dissolved it when he inherited it. The contract gave [[Voramas]] and [[The Umbral Cabal]] tremendous leverage over [[The Green Order]] and since [[Yugo Stolid]] dissolved it, [[Voramas]] considered this tantamount to treason. As such, [[Yugo Stolid]] was forced into a contract with [[Voramas]] and banned from [[The Umbral Cabal]] and [[The Greenheart Wilderness]] forever. He still maintains his rank as a Duke, albeit an outcast one. 

**Alterations to Casting**
[[Yugo Stolid]] is a spellcaster by trade. When this contract was made, [[Yugo Stolid]] lost the ability to ever harm someone, control someone, or effect someone in a harmful matter with magic again. These terms limit him to purely healing and buffing magic. If he does, the contract executes and [[Yugo Stolid]] dies immediatly. He knows this consequence. As such, [[Yugo Stolid]] defaults to healing his alliles and using buff spells to aid them from afar. 