**The Ambush**
A series of well planned ambushes on the party. Enemy groups coordinate a well planned series of attacks against the party, typically from hiding or the unseen. The goal of this combat should be to have the players asking when they've killed everything, "is the fight over? Are there more enemies coming? What should we do?" Flank the players in this combat. Enemies need to come from "every" direction and make the positioning on the battlefield into chaos.

*Example:*
The party is navigating a narrow crevasse through the mountains. It is cold and windy as snow blow into their faces. The pathway widens and narrows, seemingly at random. The tall walls tower above their heads as they march on. Suddenly, as they are walking forwards, a black-shafted arrow pierces the chest of the leader. A second soon follows. They are being attacked from the front, but it's hard to see with the snowy wind. As they press forwards to attack, suddenly another arrow strikes the back of the healer's thigh. They are pincered, one enemy in front and one behind. As they turn to face the new foe, the split their defense and rally against the enemy. But then, as they start to gain the upper hand, a hail of snow and stones streak towards their heads; someone, or something, is camping the tops of that crevasse and is raining death down from above. The group fights through the foes in the crevasse and quickly take what cover they can against the foes above, all the while training their eyes into the flurries of snow in search of what enemy might attack next. 