**The Elite Team**
This is the foil to a [[Hordes Battle]]. These villains are powerful, wielding magic items, good gear, class abilities, and legendary actions and resistances. Unlike [[Ambush Battle]]s or [[Hordes Battle]]s, the [[Elite Team Battle]] is telegraphed over many session. The party needs to be made aware that this is a threat that they will have to overcome. Sneak peaks of abilities are seen, or glimpses of magic items they wield can be seen. Defer to stat blocks for these creatures, saving powerful and custom stat blocks for [[Boss Battle]]s. 

These fights are amplified if you choose enemies with excellent synergy. Choose complimenting stat blocks to go together, and limit the number of creatures to always be three or less. With more than that, combat tends to run long. Remember that, ideally, in powerful battles, players should feel like they get two turns for every one an enemy gets. 

*Example:*
The Dark Mage Plingoo the Evil is holed up in his dark keep, his dastardly minions terrorizing the surroundings Fief. The party knows about him, but also of his executors, the Watch of Dark. They are a heinous group of three powerful creatures: an undead, an aberration, and a beast; a perfect trio. They are Plingoo the Evil's left hand and are called the executors because that's what they do, execute his enemies. Recently, the party has seen them around a nearby town and are set to confront them. They catch glimpse in the town of the beast, and his gnarled, black claws and they encounter briefly the undead, who is raising a large group of zombies with a powerful staff. This all come to a head when the party tracks them to an abandoned church where they know the aberration is set to perform a ritual to summon a powerful servant. Here an even battle ensues, the elite team trading deadly hit for deadly hit with the party. One member, Gordon, falls to the undead but after the battle, he is risen by the staff they saw earlier, now an undead ally of the group. That staff is used as a powerful weapon later against Plingoo the Evil in their final battle. 