**The Horde of Bad Guys**
This battle usually works best as an immediate prelude to another battle, maybe with an [[Elite Team Battle]] or a [[Boss Battle]]. This fight should not be deadly or super dangerous, but rather a tax on the group's resources. The party needs to be faced with a massive horde of enemies, far larger than a normal [[Skirmish Battle]]. Then the point swing from "we need to focus and kill these guys" to "what is the most efficient way to deal with these groups." 

Personally, I think this could pair well with an interactable. Something easy to spot, and easy to work with, that could be used against the horde without expending too many resources. A classic bolder-on-a-hill maybe, or a rickety but tall tree could do nicely. Or maybe a rock that can be pushed to redirect a river that would inhibit or sweep away the horde. 

*Example:*
The party is trudging toward Ginglebop, the Goblin Sorcerer's lair. They know they have to get there soon, the ritual has been going on for a while and in just a short time, it will be done. Then all is lost.  But as they round the corner, they can see the cave entrance to Ginglebop, but suddenly a large horde of undead goblin minions slams into the group. They quickly realize that the undead are easy to kill, but there are so many of them. Their efforts to use simple spells are in vain, and suddenly Braggus, the elven caster, launches their only 3rd level fireball spell into the undead, destroying them. They rush to the ritual, but when they enter they are despaired. Ginglebop is powerful, that 3rd level fireball would have worked wonders here, but they used it. Mingwing, the Grung dies in the battle as a result and the group, despite winning, will never be the same again.  