Now I am hard work building the world of mist as it stands right now, but there's always room to dream about what could possibly come next. I was reading a book about player driven campaigns when I thought of the idea of a world that's almost like a video game. There are very clear indicators that there is some supernatural mechanical presence controlling aspects of the world. There are spawning plateaus where it is known that monsters spawn in. There are sluice gates that are known to dump water into and out of the ocean creating a tide. There are tall rafters, which are famous for their danger, but also the mystery they hope. It could be this compelling world Where everybody in it acknowledges that they are in some sort of a system that is not natural but mechanical. It could be the foundation of this mysterious, mechanical constructed, dangerous and unknown world that the exploration comes from trying to discover new things about how this strange world works.

One of the ideas I had, the most inspiration about was the notion of the spawning plateau. It could be this region where there are very distinct monuments ruins cliffs symbols, whatever that clearly signify that something has created a powerful magical field that will spawn in monsters at a given cycle. The natural progression of this could be that the world treats us as some form of ritual where every month on unknown interval, new enemies spawn in and our tribes that hunt them down. It's this hybrid nature of not only a mechanical and constructed world, but also the overlay of What is only natural of the creatures that live in the world which is to make sense of it through their own traditional.

I just thought of something even cooler. The world could actually have a flipside to it. There could be rumours and theories about what is the so-called other side where there is another whole side of the world almost exactly like the one they live in with the exact same landmarks and the exact same creations and the exact same terraforming, except with different peoples and different schedules and different rituals and everything About it is different, but the actual landscape is the same. You could have passages that are secret and hidden that appear to be some maintenance tunnels that intricately connect one side to the other.